#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass ctex-article
\begin_preamble
\input{/home/subaochen/git/writing-common/article-preamble.tex}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
logicalmkup
tcolorbox
note-inset
tip-inset
warning-inset
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language chinese-simplified
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8-plain
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "DejaVu Sans"
\font_sans "default" "DejaVu Serif"
\font_typewriter "default" "DejaVu Sans Mono"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts true
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf5
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement tbph
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\boxbgcolor #dad3d7
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
风趣的D.E.K
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
D.E.K在写作《The \SpecialChar TeX
book》时，文笔还是相当风趣的，试举几例：
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
p29：Hurray! There are no overfull boxes this time.
 作者使用Hurray表示对overfull现象的“深恶痛绝”。
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
p40：category 10 will be assigned to the character '
\begin_inset space \textvisiblespace{}
\end_inset

'(black space) if a space character somehow sneaks into the name of a control
 sequence.
 作者使用sneak一词表达不太常见的情形。
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
p66：your log file will contain the following mumbo jumbo:...确实，\SpecialChar TeX
的日志输出不太容易读懂，因此作者形容为“
mumbo jumbo”—胡言乱语。
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
p85：Just as people get into different moods, \SpecialChar TeX
 gets into different 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

modes
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

(Except that \SpecialChar TeX
 is more predictable than people).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
